Change execution order to avoid reentry through the _beforeTokenTransfer hook (#3611)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

 * `Address`: optimize `functionCall` by calling `functionCallWithValue` directly. ([#3468](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3468))
 * `Address`: optimize `functionCall` functions by checking contract size only if there is no returned data. ([#3469](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3469))
 * `GovernorCompatibilityBravo`: remove unused `using` statements. ([#3506](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3506))
 * `ERC20`: optimize `_transfer`, `_mint` and `_burn` by using `unchecked` arithmetic when possible. ([#3513](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3513))
 * `ERC721`: optimize transfers by making approval clearing implicit instead of emitting an event. ([#3481](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3481))
 * `ERC721`: optimize burn by making approval clearing implicit instead of emitting an event. ([#3538](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3538))

>  * `ERC721`: Change execution order to avoid reentry through the `_beforeTokenTransfer` hook. ([#3611](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3611))

Reviewer: This is not about _avoiding_ reentrancy is it? It's more about preserving correct balances, and not just about reentrancy.

```suggestion
 * `ERC721`: Change execution order to preserve correct balances with custom `_beforeTokenTransfer` hooks. ([#3611](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/3611))
```
